Represent your signature scheme in our SDL.  A few rules:

1)  Variables can only be declared and defined once.  No re-assignments.  The only exception to this rule
is the "output" variable name, since that is usually declared twice in the "verify" method to determine
whether the individual signature is valid or not.
2)  The "types" section must come first.  Please see our reference SDL implementation for an example.
3)  You must have a "verify" method where individual verification occurs.  The name of this method must be
"verify".  If there are variables whose values you need in "verify", and those values are not calculated
within "verify", those variables must be passed in as arguments to "verify".  For example, if you have the
following in the "verify" function:

.
.
.

h := H(M, G1)
 BEGIN :: if
 if {e(h, pk) == e(sig, g)}

.
.
.

Here the "pk", "sig", and "g" variables must be passed in as arguments to "verify" because they are not
calculated in "verify".  This does not apply to "h" since "h" is calculated in "verify".


4)  You must have functions named "init" and "main" for backwards compatibility.  These can be dummy
functions.  Please see our reference SDL implementation for an example.

Run the following command, where "bls-full.bv" is your SDL file.

python ../../auto_outsrc/parser/codegen.py bls-full.bv pythonVersionOfSDLCode.py

Make sure pythonVersionOfSDLCode.py executes correctly for individual signature verification as 
Python-Charm code, otherwise CodeGen won't be able to generate functional code for the individual, batch,
and divide-and-conquer automatically generated Python-Charm code.

We've generated some template code for you to test out your individual signature verification algorithm
in Python-Charm.  Note the generated template code in the "main" method.

Now write your "main" routine to call your functions in the proper order and with the correct arguments.  For 
example, in the reference file, you'll see this:

(pk, sk, g) = keygen()
sig = sign(sk, "test")
print(verify(pk, "test", sig, g))

Make sure this prints True if the messages are the same, and False if they are different.  Note that "pk", 
"sig", and "g" had to be passed to verify b/c their values were necessary for verify's calculations, but
their values weren't  derived within verify.

Note that if you're having problems with this statement:

group = PairingGroup(MNT160)

try changing it to the following:

group = PairingGroup(80)

The next step is to run the SDL file through Batcher.  To do that, execute the following command:

python 





BATCHER's command to produce BATCHER output

then, change directory into "batcher_clean" dir
then execute the following...
python batcher_main.py -f ../tests/bls.bv -c -o myfile.cg
this does the basic thing: take SDL and run Batcher to produce the codegen partial SDL output file
4:19
in the near future, you'll be able to run python batcher_main.py —help to see all the command line options
